modules/terminal/README.md, before:

Terminal
========

Sets terminal window and tab titles.

Settings
--------

### Auto-Title

To auto set the terminal window and tab titles with the current command or
directory, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal' auto-title 'yes'

Auto titling is disabled inside terminal multiplexers, except inside dvtm, since
it interferes with window names defined in configuration files and profile
managers.

To format terminal window and tab titles, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:window-title' format '%n@%m: %s'
    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:tab-title' format '%m: %s'

`%s` will be replaced with the current working directory path or the currently
executing program name.

For a list of sequences, see [Expansion of Prompt Sequences][1].

Functions
---------

- `set-tab-title` sets the terminal tab title.
- `set-window-title` sets the terminal or terminal multiplexer window title.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][2].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: http://zsh.sourceforge.net/Doc/Release/Prompt-Expansion.html#Expansion-of-Prompt-Sequences
[2]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues

Commit message:

Choose title for terminal multiplexers

modules/terminal/README.md, after:

Terminal
========

Sets terminal window and tab titles.

Settings
--------

### Auto-Title

To auto set the terminal window and tab titles with the current command or
directory, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal' auto-title 'yes'

Auto titling is disabled inside terminal multiplexers, except inside dvtm, since
it interferes with window names defined in configuration files and profile
managers.

### Title formats

To format terminal window and tab titles, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:window-title' format '%n@%m: %s'
    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:tab-title' format '%m: %s'

`%s` will be replaced with the current working directory path or the currently
executing program name.

For a list of sequences, see [Expansion of Prompt Sequences][1].

Users of terminal multiplexers like screen can choose which title format should
be used (`window-title` or `tab-title`).

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal' multiplexer-title 'window-title'

Functions
---------

- `set-tab-title` sets the terminal tab title.
- `set-window-title` sets the terminal or terminal multiplexer window title.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][2].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)
  - [Olaf Conradi](https://github.com/oohlaf)

[1]: http://zsh.sourceforge.net/Doc/Release/Prompt-Expansion.html#Expansion-of-Prompt-Sequences
[2]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
