modules/pacman/README.md, before:

Pacman
======

Provides aliases and functions for the [Pacman][1] package manager and
frontends.

Settings
--------

To enable a Pacman frontend, for example, [Yaourt][2], add the following line to
*zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:pacman' frontend 'yaourt'

If you have enabled color globally in *zpreztorc*, you may disable it for certain
commands.

To disable `yaourt` highlighting, add the following line to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:pacman:yaourt' color 'no'

Aliases
-------

### Pacman

  - `pac` is short for `pacman`.
  - `paci` installs packages from repositories.
  - `pacI` installs packages from files.
  - `pacx` removes packages and unneeded dependencies.
  - `pacX` removes packages, their configuration, and unneeded dependencies.
  - `pacq` displays information about a package from the repositories.
  - `pacQ` displays information about a package from the local database.
  - `pacs` searches for packages in the repositories.
  - `pacS` searches for packages in the local database.
  - `pacu` synchronizes the local package and Arch Build System (requires `abs`)
    databases against the repositories.
  - `pacU` synchronizes the local package database against the repositories then
    upgrades outdated packages.
  - `pacman-list-orphans` lists orphan packages.
  - `pacman-remove-orphans` removes orphan packages.

### Frontends

#### Yaourt

  - `pacc` manages *.pac\** files.

Functions
---------

  - `pacman-list-explicit` lists explicitly installed pacman packages.
  - `pacman-list-disowned` lists pacman disowned files.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][3].*

  - [Benjamin Boudreau](https://github.com/dreur)
  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: http://www.archlinux.org/pacman/
[2]: http://archlinux.fr/yaourt-en
[3]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues

Commit message:

Minor changes to the pacman module
swap pacU for pacu. No reason to have caps for the common one, and
lowercase for the uncommon one.

add pacd to install all packages in the current directory. For those not
using an AUR helper and building from PKGBUILDs themselves, this is a
common command.

installing packages without --sysupgrade is not supported; fix.

modules/pacman/README.md, after:

Pacman
======

Provides aliases and functions for the [Pacman][1] package manager and
frontends.

Settings
--------

To enable a Pacman frontend, for example, [Yaourt][2], add the following line to
*zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:pacman' frontend 'yaourt'

If you have enabled color globally in *zpreztorc*, you may disable it for certain
commands.

To disable `yaourt` highlighting, add the following line to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:pacman:yaourt' color 'no'

Aliases
-------

### Pacman

  - `pac` is short for `pacman`.
  - `paci` installs packages from repositories.
  - `pacI` installs packages from files.
  - `pacd` installs all packages in the current directory.
  - `pacx` removes packages and unneeded dependencies.
  - `pacX` removes packages, their configuration, and unneeded dependencies.
  - `pacq` displays information about a package from the repositories.
  - `pacQ` displays information about a package from the local database.
  - `pacs` searches for packages in the repositories.
  - `pacS` searches for packages in the local database.
  - `pacU` synchronizes the local package and Arch Build System (requires `abs`)
    databases against the repositories.
  - `pacu` synchronizes the local package database against the repositories then
    upgrades outdated packages.
  - `pacman-list-orphans` lists orphan packages.
  - `pacman-remove-orphans` removes orphan packages.

### Frontends

#### Yaourt

  - `pacc` manages *.pac\** files.

Functions
---------

  - `pacman-list-explicit` lists explicitly installed pacman packages.
  - `pacman-list-disowned` lists pacman disowned files.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][3].*

  - [Benjamin Boudreau](https://github.com/dreur)
  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: http://www.archlinux.org/pacman/
[2]: http://archlinux.fr/yaourt-en
[3]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
