modules/perl/README.md, before:

Perl
====

Enables local [Perl][1] module installation on Mac OS X and defines alises.

Local Module Installation
-------------------------

Perl versions older than 5.14 do not support the local installation of Perl
modules natively. This module allows for local installation of Perl modules on
Mac OS X in *~/Library/Perl/5.12* by altering the environment.

### Usage

For Perl versions older than 5.14, install *local::lib*.

    curl -L -C - -O http://search.cpan.org/CPAN/authors/id/A/AP/APEIRON/local-lib-1.008004.tar.gz
    tar xvf local-lib-1.008004.tar.gz
    cd local-lib-1.008004
    perl Makefile.PL --bootstrap=$HOME/Library/Perl/5.12
    make && make test && make install

Install *cpanminus*:

    curl -L http://cpanmin.us | perl - --self-upgrade

Perlbrew
--------

An alternative to the above is to use [Perlbrew][2], which allows for the
management of multiple, isolated Perl installations in the home directory.

Aliases
-------

### General

  - `pl` is short for `perl`.
  - `pld` looks up Perl documentation (`perldoc`).
  - `ple` executes a one line program in a loop (`perl -wlne`).

### Perlbrew

  - `plb` manages Perl environments.
  - `plba` lists available Perl versions.
  - `plbi` installs a Perl version.
  - `plbl` lists installed Perl versions.
  - `plbo` temporarily turns off Perlbrew.
  - `plbO` turns off Perlbrew.
  - `plbs` switches to a Perl version.
  - `plbu` uninstalls a Perl version.
  - `plbx` temporarily sets the Perl version to use.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][3].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: http://www.perl.org
[2]: http://perlbrew.pl
[3]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues

Commit message:

Allow perlbrew to be loaded via zstyle
Update ruby documentation regarding RVM

modules/perl/README.md, after:

Perl
====

Enables local [Perl][1] module installation on Mac OS X and defines alises.

Local Module Installation
-------------------------

Perl versions older than 5.14 do not support the local installation of Perl
modules natively. This module allows for local installation of Perl modules on
Mac OS X in *~/Library/Perl/5.12* by altering the environment.

### Usage

For Perl versions older than 5.14, install *local::lib*.

    curl -L -C - -O http://search.cpan.org/CPAN/authors/id/A/AP/APEIRON/local-lib-1.008004.tar.gz
    tar xvf local-lib-1.008004.tar.gz
    cd local-lib-1.008004
    perl Makefile.PL --bootstrap=$HOME/Library/Perl/5.12
    make && make test && make install

Install *cpanminus*:

    curl -L http://cpanmin.us | perl - --self-upgrade

Perlbrew
--------

An alternative to the above is to use [Perlbrew][2], which allows for the
management of multiple, isolated Perl installations in the home directory.

You can specify the perlbrew location so the environment is automatically loaded.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:perl:perlbrew' location '/path/to/perlbrew'

Aliases
-------

### General

  - `pl` is short for `perl`.
  - `pld` looks up Perl documentation (`perldoc`).
  - `ple` executes a one line program in a loop (`perl -wlne`).

### Perlbrew

  - `plb` manages Perl environments.
  - `plba` lists available Perl versions.
  - `plbi` installs a Perl version.
  - `plbl` lists installed Perl versions.
  - `plbo` temporarily turns off Perlbrew.
  - `plbO` turns off Perlbrew.
  - `plbs` switches to a Perl version.
  - `plbu` uninstalls a Perl version.
  - `plbx` temporarily sets the Perl version to use.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][3].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: http://www.perl.org
[2]: http://perlbrew.pl
[3]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
