.TH Perl
.PP
Enables local Perl
.UR http://www.perl.org
.UE
module installation on Mac OS X and defines alises.
.SH Local Module Installation
.PP
Perl versions older than 5.14 do not support the local installation of Perl
modules natively. This module allows for local installation of Perl modules on
Mac OS X in \fI~/Library/Perl/5.12\fP by altering the environment.
.SS Usage
.PP
For Perl versions older than 5.14, install \fIlocal::lib\fP.
.nf
curl -L -C - -O http://search.cpan.org/CPAN/authors/id/A/AP/APEIRON/local-lib-1.008004.tar.gz
tar xvf local-lib-1.008004.tar.gz
cd local-lib-1.008004
perl Makefile.PL --bootstrap=$HOME/Library/Perl/5.12
make && make test && make install
.fi
.PP
Install \fIcpanminus\fP:
.nf
curl -L http://cpanmin.us | perl - --self-upgrade
.fi
.SH Perlbrew
.PP
An alternative to the above is to use Perlbrew
.UR http://perlbrew.pl
.UE , which allows for the
management of multiple, isolated Perl installations in the home directory.
.SH Aliases
.SS General
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpl\fR is short for \fB\fCperl\fR.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpld\fR looks up Perl documentation (\fB\fCperldoc\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCple\fR executes a one line program in a loop (\fB\fCperl -wlne\fR).
.RE
.SS Perlbrew
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplb\fR manages Perl environments.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplba\fR lists available Perl versions.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplbi\fR installs a Perl version.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplbl\fR lists installed Perl versions.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplbo\fR temporarily turns off Perlbrew.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplbO\fR turns off Perlbrew.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplbs\fR switches to a Perl version.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplbu\fR uninstalls a Perl version.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCplbx\fR temporarily sets the Perl version to use.
.RE
.SH Authors
.PP
\fIThe authors of this module should be contacted via the issue tracker
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
.UE .\fP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Sorin Ionescu
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu
.UE
.RE
