.TH Utility
.PP
Defines general aliases and functions.
.SH Settings
.SS Highlighting
.PP
If you have enabled color globally in \fIzpreztorc\fP, you may disable it for certain
commands.
.PP
To disable \fB\fCls\fR color, add the following line to \fIzpreztorc\fP; when coloring is
disabled, type indicators (*, /, =>, @, =, |, %) will be appended to entries.
.nf
zstyle ':prezto:module:utility:ls' color 'no'
.fi
.PP
To disable \fB\fCdiff\fR highlighting, add the following line to \fIzpreztorc\fP:
.nf
zstyle ':prezto:module:utility:diff' color 'no'
.fi
.PP
To disable \fB\fCwdiff\fR highlighting, add the following line to \fIzpreztorc\fP:
.nf
zstyle ':prezto:module:utility:wdiff' color 'no'
.fi
.PP
To disable \fB\fCmake\fR highlighting, add the following line to \fIzpreztorc\fP:
.nf
zstyle ':prezto:module:utility:make' color 'no'
.fi
.SH Aliases
.SS Disabled Spelling Correction
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCack\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCcd\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCcp\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCebuild\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCgcc\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCgist\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCgrep\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCheroku\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCln\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCman\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCmkdir\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCmv\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCmysql\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCrm\fR
.RE
.SS Disabled File Globbing
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCfc\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCfind\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCftp\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fChistory\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fClocate\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCrake\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCrsync\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCscp\fR
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCsftp\fR
.RE
.SS General
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fC_\fR executes a command as another user (\fB\fCsudo\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCb\fR opens the default web browser.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCcp\fR copies files and directories interactively.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCe\fR opens the default editor.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCln\fR links files and directories interactively.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCmkdir\fR creates directories, including intermediary directories.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCmv\fR moves files and directories interactively.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCp\fR opens the default pager.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpo\fR removes a directory from the stack and changes to it (\fB\fCpopd\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpu\fR changes the directory and pushes the old directory onto the stack
(\fB\fCpushd\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCrm\fR removes files and directories interactively.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCtype\fR displays all the attribute values of a shell parameter.
.RE
.SS Files and Directories
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCls\fR lists with directories grouped first (GNU only).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCl\fR  lists in one column, hidden files.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCll\fR lists human readable sizes.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fClr\fR lists human readable sizes, recursively.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCla\fR lists human readable sizes, hidden files.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fClm\fR lists human readable sizes, hidden files through pager.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fClx\fR lists sorted by extension (GNU only).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fClk\fR lists sorted by size, largest last.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fClt\fR lists sorted by date, most recent last.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fClc\fR lists sorted by date, most recent last, shows change time.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fClu\fR lists sorted by date, most recent last, shows access time.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCsl\fR lists directory contents (\fB\fCls\fR).
.RE
.SS Mac OS X Everywhere
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCo\fR opens files and directories (\fB\fCopen\fR or \fB\fCxdg-open\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCget\fR downloads files (\fB\fCcurl\fR or \fB\fCwget\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpbcopy\fR copies to the pasteboard (\fB\fCpbcopy\fR, \fB\fCxclip\fR or \fB\fCxsel\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpbpaste\fR pastes from the pasteboard (\fB\fCpbcopy\fR, \fB\fCxclip\fR or \fB\fCxsel\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpbc\fR copies to the pasteboard (\fB\fCpbcopy\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpbp\fR pastes from the pasteboard (\fB\fCpbpaste\fR).
.RE
.SS Resource Usage
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCdf\fR displays free disk space using human readable units.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCdu\fR displays disk usage using human readable units.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCtop\fR displays information about processes (aliased to \fB\fChtop\fR, if installed).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCtopc\fR displays information about processes sorted by CPU usage (\fB\fChtop\fR not
installed).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCtopm\fR displays information about processes sorted by RAM usage (\fB\fChtop\fR not
installed).
.RE
.SS Miscellaneous
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fChttp-serve\fR serves a directory via HTTP.
.RE
.SH Functions
.SS General
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCslit\fR prints columns \fI1, 2, 3 ... n\fP.
.RE
.SS Files and Directories
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCcdls\fR changes to a directory and lists its contents.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCdut\fR displays the grand total disk usage using human readable units.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCfind-exec\fR finds files and executes a command on them.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCmkdcd\fR makes a directory and changes to it.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpopdls\fR pops an entry off the directory stack and lists its contents.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpushdls\fR pushes an entry onto the directory stack and lists its contents.
.RE
.SS Developer
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCdiff\fR highlights diff output (requires \fB\fCcolordiff\fR or \fB\fCGit\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCmake\fR highlights make output (requires \fB\fCcolormake\fR).
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCwdiff\fR highlights wdiff output (requires \fB\fCwdiff\fRor \fB\fCGit\fR).
.RE
.SS Resource usage
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpsu\fR displays user owned processes status.
.RE
.SS Search and Replace
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCprep\fR provides a grep\-like pattern search.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpsub\fR provides a sed\-like pattern substitution.
.RE
.SH Authors
.PP
\fIThe authors of this module should be contacted via the issue tracker
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
.UE .\fP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Robby Russell
.UR https://github.com/robbyrussell
.UE
.IP \(bu 2
Suraj N. Kurapati
.UR https://github.com/sunaku
.UE
.IP \(bu 2
Sorin Ionescu
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu
.UE
.RE
