.TH Pacman
.PP
Provides aliases and functions for the Pacman
.UR http://www.archlinux.org/pacman/
.UE
package manager and
frontends.
.SH Settings
.PP
To enable a Pacman frontend, for example, Yaourt
.UR http://archlinux.fr/yaourt-en
.UE , add the following line to
\fIzpreztorc\fP:
.nf
zstyle ':prezto:module:pacman' frontend 'yaourt'
.fi
.PP
If you have enabled color globally in \fIzpreztorc\fP, you may disable it for certain
commands.
.PP
To disable \fB\fCyaourt\fR highlighting, add the following line to \fIzpreztorc\fP:
.nf
zstyle ':prezto:module:pacman:yaourt' color 'no'
.fi
.SH Aliases
.SS Pacman
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpac\fR is short for \fB\fCpacman\fR.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpaci\fR installs packages from repositories.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacI\fR installs packages from files.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacx\fR removes packages and unneeded dependencies.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacX\fR removes packages, their configuration, and unneeded dependencies.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacq\fR displays information about a package from the repositories.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacQ\fR displays information about a package from the local database.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacs\fR searches for packages in the repositories.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacS\fR searches for packages in the local database.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacu\fR synchronizes the local package and Arch Build System (requires \fB\fCabs\fR)
databases against the repositories.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacU\fR synchronizes the local package database against the repositories then
upgrades outdated packages.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacman-list-orphans\fR lists orphan packages.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacman-remove-orphans\fR removes orphan packages.
.RE
.SS Frontends
.SS Yaourt
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacc\fR manages \fI.pac\\fP* files.
.RE
.SH Functions
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacman-list-explicit\fR lists explicitly installed pacman packages.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCpacman-list-disowned\fR lists pacman disowned files.
.RE
.SH Authors
.PP
\fIThe authors of this module should be contacted via the issue tracker
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
.UE .\fP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Benjamin Boudreau
.UR https://github.com/dreur
.UE
.IP \(bu 2
Sorin Ionescu
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu
.UE
.RE
