.TH Prompt
.PP
Loads prompt themes
.UR http://zsh.sourceforge.net/Doc/Release/User-Contributions.html#Prompt-Themes
.UE .
.SH Settings
.PP
To select a prompt theme, add the following to \fIzpreztorc\fP, and replace \fBname\fP
with the name of the theme you wish to load. Setting it to \fBrandom\fP will load
a random theme.
.nf
zstyle ':prezto:module:prompt' theme 'name'
.fi
.SH Theming
.PP
A prompt theme is an autoloadable function file with a special name,
\fB\fCprompt_name_setup\fR, placed anywhere in \fB\fC$fpath\fR, but for the purpose of this
project, themes \fBshould\fP be placed in the \fImodules/prompt/functions\fP
directory.
.SS Theme Functions
.PP
There are three theme functions, a setup function, a help function, and
a preview function. The setup function \fBmust\fP always be defined. The help
function and the preview functions are optional.
.SS prompt_name_setup
.PP
This function is called by the \fB\fCprompt\fR function to install the theme. This
function may define other functions as necessary to maintain the prompt,
including a function that displays help or a function used to preview it.
.PP
\fBDo not call this function directly.\fP
.PP
The most basic example of this function can be seen bellow.
.nf
function prompt_name_setup {
  PROMPT='%m%# '
  RPROMPT=''
}
.fi
.SS prompt_name_help
.PP
If the \fB\fCprompt_name_setup\fR function is customizable via parameters, a help
function \fBshould\fP be defined. The user will access it via \fB\fCprompt -h name\fR.
.PP
The most basic example of this function can be seen bellow.
.nf
function prompt_name_help {
  cat <<EOH
This prompt is color-scheme-able. You can invoke it thus:
  prompt theme [<color1>] [<color2>]
where the color is for the left-hand prompt.
EOH
}
.fi
.SS prompt_name_preview
.PP
If the \fB\fCprompt_name_setup\fR function is customizable via parameters, a preview
function \fBshould\fP be defined. The user will access it via \fB\fCprompt -p name\fR.
.PP
The most basic example of this function can be seen bellow.
.nf
function prompt_name_preview {
  if (( $# > 0 )); then
    prompt_preview_theme theme "$@"
  else
    prompt_preview_theme theme red green blue
    print
    prompt_preview_theme theme yellow magenta black
  fi
}
.fi
.SS Hook Functions
.PP
There are many Zsh hook
.UR http://zsh.sourceforge.net/Doc/Release/Functions.html#Hook-Functions
.UE
functions, but mostly the \fIprecmd\fP hook will be
used.
.SS prompt_name_precmd
.PP
This hook is called before the prompt is displayed and is useful for getting
information to display in a prompt.
.PP
When calling functions to get information to display in a prompt, do not assume
that all the dependencies have been loaded. Always check for the availability of
a function before you calling it.
.PP
\fBDo not register hook functions. They will be registered by the \fB\fCprompt\fR function.\fP
.PP
The most basic example of this function can be seen bellow.
.nf
function prompt_name_precmd {
  if (( $+functions[git-info] )); then
    git-info
  fi
}
.fi
.SH Authors
.PP
\fIThe authors of this module should be contacted via the issue tracker
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
.UE .\fP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Sorin Ionescu
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu
.UE
.RE
