.TH Spectrum
.PP
Provides for easier use of 256 colors and effects.
.PP
To learn more about text formatting, read That 256 Color Thing
.UR http://lucentbeing.com/blog/that-256-color-thing/
.UE .
.SH Variables
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCBG\fR provides background colors.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCFG\fR provides foreground colors.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCFX\fR provides effects.
.RE
.SS Background and Foreground
.PP
Terminals support 8, 16, 88, and 256 colors. Check if a terminal supports 256
colors with \fB\fCtput colors\fR before use.
.PP
The following colors are supported.
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
0 to 255
.IP \(bu 2
black
.IP \(bu 2
red
.IP \(bu 2
green
.IP \(bu 2
yellow
.IP \(bu 2
blue
.IP \(bu 2
magenta
.IP \(bu 2
cyan
.IP \(bu 2
white
.RE
.SS Effects
.PP
Though there are many effects, most terminals support at least bold formatting.
.PP
\fBNot all effects work on all terminals; use them sparingly.\fP
.TS
allbox;
cb cb
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
l l
.
Enable	Disable
	none
	normal
bold	no\-bold
faint	no\-faint
standout	no\-standout
underline	no\-underline
blink	no\-blink
fast\-blink	no\-fast\-blink
reverse	no\-reverse
conceal	no\-conceal
strikethrough	no\-strikethrough
gothic	no\-gothic
double\-underline	no\-double\-underline
proportional	no\-proportional
overline	no\-overline
	
	no\-border
border\-rectangle	no\-border\-rectangle
border\-circle	no\-border\-circle
	
	no\-ideogram\-marking
underline\-or\-right	no\-underline\-or\-right
double\-underline\-or\-right	no\-double\-underline\-or\-right
overline\-or\-left	no\-overline\-or\-left
double\-overline\-or\-left	no\-double\-overline\-or\-left
stress	no\-stress
	
	font\-default
font\-first	no\-font\-first
font\-second	no\-font\-second
font\-third	no\-font\-third
font\-fourth	no\-font\-fourth
font\-fifth	no\-font\-fifth
font\-sixth	no\-font\-sixth
font\-seventh	no\-font\-seventh
font\-eigth	no\-font\-eigth
font\-ninth	no\-font\-ninth
.TE
.SS Plain Text
.PP
Use \fB\fC$BG[none]\fR, \fB\fC$FG[none]\fR, or \fB\fC$FX[none]\fR to turn off formatting.
.SH Authors
.PP
\fIThe authors of this module should be contacted via the issue tracker
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
.UE .\fP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
P.C. Shyamshankar
.UR https://github.com/sykora
.UE
.IP \(bu 2
Sorin Ionescu
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu
.UE
.RE
