.TH History
.PP
Sets history
.UR http://zsh.sourceforge.net/Guide/zshguide02.html#l16
.UE
options and defines history aliases.
.SH Variables
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHISTFILE\fR stores the path to the history file.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHISTSIZE\fR stores the maximum number of events to save in the internal history.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCSAVEHIST\fR stores the maximum number of events to save in the history file.
.RE
.SH Options
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCBANG_HIST\fR treats the \fB!\fP character specially during expansion.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCEXTENDED_HISTORY\fR writes the history file in the \fI:start:elapsed;command\fP format.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCINC_APPEND_HISTORY\fR writes to the history file immediately, not when the shell exits.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCSHARE_HISTORY\fR shares history between all sessions.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHIST_EXPIRE_DUPS_FIRST\fR expires a duplicate event first when trimming history.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHIST_IGNORE_DUPS\fR does not record an event that was just recorded again.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHIST_IGNORE_ALL_DUPS\fR deletes an old recorded event if a new event is a duplicate.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHIST_FIND_NO_DUPS\fR does not display a previously found event.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHIST_IGNORE_SPACE\fR does not record an event starting with a space.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHIST_SAVE_NO_DUPS\fR does not write a duplicate event to the history file.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHIST_VERIFY\fR does not execute immediately upon history expansion.
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fCHIST_BEEP\fR beeps when accessing non\-existent history.
.RE
.SH Aliases
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fB\fChistory-stat\fR lists the ten most used commands
.RE
.SH Authors
.PP
\fIThe authors of this module should be contacted via the issue tracker
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
.UE .\fP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Robby Russell
.UR https://github.com/robbyrussell
.UE
.IP \(bu 2
Sorin Ionescu
.UR https://github.com/sorin-ionescu
.UE
.RE
