modules/fasd/README.md, before:

Fasd
====

[Fasd][1] is a command-line productivity booster, inspired by tools like
[autojump][2], [z][3] and [v][4], it offers quick access to files and
directories by keeping track of files and directories  that were previously
accessed.

For completion to work, this module must be loaded **after** the *completion*
module.

The Prezto Fasd configuration differs from the default. The default aliases have
been disabled.

Aliases
-------

  - `j` changes the current working directory interactively.

Completion
----------

Type `,`, `f,`, `d,` in front of a comma-separated query or type `,,`,  `,,f`,
`,,d` at the end of a comma-separated query then hit <kbd>tab</kbd>.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][5].*

  - [Wei Dai](https://github.com/clvv)
  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: https://github.com/clvv/fasd
[2]: https://github.com/joelthelion/autojump
[3]: https://github.com/rupa/z
[4]: https://github.com/rupa/v
[5]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues

Commit message:

Added v and fixed j
- `v` Mimics rupa/v: opens the file with vim using viminfo backend.
- fixed `j` alias to only look for directories

[ticket: X]

modules/fasd/README.md, after:

Fasd
====

[Fasd][1] is a command-line productivity booster, inspired by tools like
[autojump][2], [z][3] and [v][4], it offers quick access to files and
directories by keeping track of files and directories that were previously
accessed.

For completion to work, this module must be loaded **after** the *completion*
module.

The Prezto Fasd configuration differs from the default. The default aliases have
been disabled.

Aliases
-------

  - `j` changes the current working directory interactively.
  - `v` Mimics rupa/v: opens the file with vim using viminfo backend.

Completion
----------

Type `,`, `f,`, `d,` in front of a comma-separated query or type `,,`,  `,,f`,
`,,d` at the end of a comma-separated query then hit <kbd>tab</kbd>.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][5].*

  - [Wei Dai](https://github.com/clvv)
  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: https://github.com/clvv/fasd
[2]: https://github.com/joelthelion/autojump
[3]: https://github.com/rupa/z
[4]: https://github.com/rupa/v
[5]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
